[Music]
Hello family, how are you? I hope you're having
a great day.
How are my people at Telesalseo? Well, I
'm here to tell you about certain
things that have happened in the last few
hours regarding His Majesty Felipe VI and
the obvious tension that exists in the
atmosphere when he meets and meets with
Pedro Sánchez, President of the Government.
There are many people who say that no, there are
many people who say that it's all
Felipe's fault and yet there are many
other people who point out
Pedro Sánchez's behavior, and
on many occasions I believe that he even
breaks protocol. Okay, I'm going to say
I think so because I'm not an
expert in protocol, but I would say
that he has broken it on more than
one occasion. Before I begin, I want to say
hello. I'm Javi Oliveira,
welcome once again to my channel. You
know that here we cover all the
current events, all the news from the
heart, social chronicle,
TV news, trying to keep you entertained and
informed, okay, or at least I
try. If you're interested in this type of
content and you like it and want us to continue
bringing it.  to telesalseo
show me with a like that's
free okay you hit the
like button put your comments there
so I can see what you think about the subject
because in the end this channel and this
community is about everyone it's not mine nothing else is
worth it So nothing eh let's get down to business and to
put you a little in context because I'm going to
put some images that are from the last
meeting that they had well because
of the new AVE line the
Madrid Asturias section now we will discuss it and
well the money that it has cost us
But well everything that has advanced
well invested it is if it costs it is what it
costs the day of the
celebration of the 15th legislature the
most talked about was this gesture of Pedro
Sánchez adjusting his pants okay
there it seems that he is loosening his
belt and he adjusts his pants
in front of the king colleague or in other words in front of the
king he adjusts his pants Because he does not
care because already in the previous event
that they had when he
meets the king and goes to greet him he
says What's up What's up man what's
up sir how are you  not something like that They are not
literal words but it was like a
greeting like the one you find with your
neighbor or like you find
a colleague at the brewery anyway We have
this medium here that has also dealt with
the subject a bit not because I think it is
more than evident the tightness of
Felipe VI's entourage explains his distance from
Sánchez in the congress monarchy
confidential and here what I am going to point out to you
well I am going to point out two paragraphs that
have caught my attention first of all
this part according to sources close
to Sarsuela's entourage consulted
by monarchy confidential the king has
been deliberately distant and
serious with Pedro Sánchez in the act
of Congress and they comment man he has
reasons to be that way and then further
down and then further down I am going to
read you this paragraph not that they title attacks
on Felipe VI it should be remembered that Teresa
Jordá, ERC deputy in her speech
during the second vote for the
investiture of Alberto Núñez Feijó charged
against Felipe VI whom she described as
corrupt and partisan she accused the king of
taking sides as he did in  the speech
after the 1st and he stated that it is a family
of corrupt and thieves well I
said it in the other video I'll say it again
here as far as I know Felipe has not
done anything okay I think that Felipe is
doing things right and there is no
complaint to this I would also add another
move
eh the lack of respect on the day of
Princess Leonor's swearing in by
several members of the ministries who
simply did not show up because they
are in a completely
anti-monarchy position no then of course
you now tell me that Felipe
wants to look Pedro Sánchez in the face and
then this image that I'm putting
on the screen corresponds to yesterday
eh the inauguration of the well the new
section of the AVE that goes from Madrid to
Asturias okay to Oviedo specifically
Well
this this train
this train this route these works that have
lasted 19 years have cost about 4
billion euros I'm not going to tell you if it
's a lot or a little or anything like that I'm
simply informing you because Well if that
's what it costs it's what it costs
we're talking about almost 20 years of
works And that's if I'm not mistaken without being an
expert in economics It also includes
a lot of inflation apart from that, it is
a work and they are very, very, very
large and very powerful works And well, it is
a section that is going to make it much easier for
many Spaniards to travel
so anything that means moving forward and that is
invested in good things is fine,
eh, I wasn't going to throw something about Seville at you here
just in case, well, I'm going to say it
quickly 44,000 to paint the facade
of Beti Street, the facade that
faces the river 44,000 for two coats of
paint I have a couple of neighbors and a
couple of acquaintances and a couple of brothers-in-law who
would have done it for less than half
but well, let's see, it is what it is,
quality is not what you pay for here,
what is being said is that in this
meeting, which was also the day
after the celebration of the
other day, as if
the king and Pedro Sánchez had a better attitude, as
if they were now seen to be more
approachable and I can't tell you anything other than
my complete disagreement, seeing only
the images, I mean, this is what we know
perfectly well they know that they are being
recorded they have the camera all over their
face and they are posing a little bit But in the
end they can't pretend all the time
why Well because look here we see the
king traveling comfortably testing the
train and next to him Pedro Sánchez who looks at him
fixedly let's go it seems that he is
going to approach him at any moment to
give him a kiss but I see exactly the
same scene as the other day at the
event prior to the celebration of
the legislature when this group
Felipe goes and fixes his gaze on the
other people with whom he is talking
and does not look at Pedro Sánchez he ignores him
okay Pedro Sánchez is a person who
knows perfectly well how he has to
act in front of the cameras and you are
looking at him as if even with admiration
when you are
not there you have him
okay peculiar scene But ok family I will
be reading the comments box
I am very interested in knowing how
you see this relationship and if you think it can be
fixed or not tell me at least
if you think there is respect because
seeing what I have seen with the belt and
with the pants and What's up man
how are we How are we How are you I have
my doubts I have my doubts Okay and
The little messages, eh, the little messages with
ulterior motives fly in the air. I'll be
reading them. I'm sending you a huge kiss and I'll
see you in the second one, in the next
video. Bye bye family. I love you
so much.
[Music] Big
hug.